# Tradecard

## Starting the system
After loading the database (40259713.sql) and starting it, navigate to api/serverfuncs and run index.js then navigate to app/serverfuncs and run app.js. If you have any issues with connecting to the database on your machine, you may modify the details in the API's .env file. The site can then be accessed locally on port 3000 and the API on port 4000. You may change either of these by changing the details in the .env files. Not that if you change the API port, you should change the API address in the app's .env.

## API
The API is protected and requires a key. One for the app is held in the .env file. A number of operations require an admin key. A new key may be generated by running generateKey.js in api/serverfuncs. 1 or 0 should be passed as a command line argument where 1 generates an admin key and 0 a regular user key. Alternatively, you may use: b3a2d98e-e343-4281-bd07-ddef37d978df, pass this in the headers as x-api-key.

JSON responses will be given in the form:

{
    status: status code,
    message: message,
    response: data
}

The status code adheres to HTTP standards, the message indicates success or an appropriate failure message and where appropriate, data is returned in response. While comprehensive API documentation is not available each endpoint is commented with a short explanation and follows consistent and standard request methods and endpoint naming.


## Accounts:
Below are the emails, usernames and passwords for the existing accounts. You may make new accounts for testing through the registration page.

jbusch@qub.ac.uk
jbusch
WebDev_123

nanderson@qub.ac.uk
nanderson
Database@255

csmtih@qub.ac.uk
csmith
PhdsAreForNerds@123

amcgowan@qub.ac.uk
amcgowan
BlackBelt_1

lgalway@qub.ac.uk
lgalway
Apple_Fan123
